# About Telemask #

Telemask is a distributed application project that integrates truly decentralized communication and Multi Chain cold payment. It has no central communication server or central wallet server, allows client app to directly access blockchain nodes, and allows connection to distributed routing services constructed by third-party participants. Telemask does not collect and disseminate personal information such as IP address, hardware parameters and wallet private key, and is committed to protecting customer privacy from infringement.   
Telemask is a secure message application program based on blockchain public chain system, applying the most advanced distributed communication technology and encryption technology, Multi Chain digital currency cold payment wallet and Web3 browser.  
Teletask is designed to enable users to truly control personal information security, realize freedom of communication, and remove unnecessary third parties, including traditional chat server, wallet server, etc.  
Telemask has no pre excavation, private placement or public offering, and is open and transparent, all of which are generated by mining.  

## Vision ##
Telemask is committed to becoming the most influential decentralized communication and wallet solution in the world, and a communication tool serving no less than 100 million active users.

## Token Information ##
Token Name: Telemask governance token  
Token abbreviation: TMS  
Total Tokens: 20 million  
Token issue: 100% from mining

## TMS distribution ##
* Community Treasury: 60% (12 million pieces) are owned by the community and distributed through incentives such as mobile mining and task mining
* Team incentive award: 15% (3 million pieces) will be used as incentive for the development team to support the team to continuously optimize the platform and agreement iteratively. 10% will be released online, and the rest will be released by block within 4 years
* Ecological construction fund: 15% (3 million pieces) as ecological development fund, which is used for external cooperation, code audit and other necessary expenditures to provide assistance for project construction. 10% will be released online, and the rest will be released by block within 4 years
* Early donation airdrop: 10% (2 million pieces) were airdropped as early donors to the telemask project. 10% will be released online, and the rest will be released in blocks within 2 years

## Project Advantages ##
Telemask is a truly decentralized distributed communication and digital currency wallet solution, and through the project governance of Dao, it can ensure that user information is not leaked, and truly protect user privacy and digital property security.
* Professional technical team  
Foreign technical teams in the field of distributed communication, security and blockchain have been working for decades, with tens of millions of dollars to build Telemask ecology. Overseas telegraph group, twitter and hundreds of millions of fans all over the world have rich experience.
* Governance dividend  
In addition to voting to participate in project operation, Telemask governance currency can also enjoy 100% project dividends. The governance currency is 100% mining output through smart contract, fair and transparent.
* Decentralized governance on the chain  
Telemask has no centralized server, its management function relies on dexer public chain, and its management is open and transparent.
